custom/README.md, before:

# Customizations

Store all customizations in this folder.

See the main [README file](../README.md) for general information.

## Export Sensitive Variables

Perform the following actions **in each of the TFE organization to export from**:

1. Create am agent pool named `SMK`.
2. Start an agent using an **agent token** for the `SMK` pool for the organization. Make sure to name it aftert he TFE organization:

```shell
docker run -e TFC_ADDRESS=https://<DOMAIN NAME> -e TFC_AGENT_NAME=SMK-Agent -e TFC_AGENT_TOKEN=<AGENT TOKEN> --name=smk-tfc-agent-<ORGANIZATION NAME> --pull=always jmfontaine/tfc-agent:smk-latest
```

Note: Once started the agent can be ignored, for the most part. It will be stopped and started as needed. It can be removed once the export has completed.

3. [Export data from TFE, including sensitive variables](../README.md#export).
4. [Generate the Terraform source code to manage Spacelift resources](../README.md#generate).
5. [Publish the generated Terraform code to a git repository](../README.md#publish).
6. [Create and trigger an administrative stack](../README.md#deploy).
7. Run the `spacemk set-sensitive-env-vars` command to set the value for the sensitive environment variables.

## Upload Terraform State Files

Once the stacks have been created, set the values for the `upload_state_files` section of the `config.yml` file and run the `spacemk upload-state-files` command to upload the Terraform state files to AWS S3.

Also, make sure to [provide AWS credentials to the AWS SDK](https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/guide/credentials.html).

## Generate Code for Jenkins Stacks

Once the data has been exported, run the `spacemk generate --stack-type=jenkins` command to generate Terraform code for the stacks without VCS configuration. Then, push that code to the GitHub repository as usual.

Check `spacemk generate --help` for all `--stack-type` option values.

## Infracost Integration

Once the administrative stack has run and Spacelift resources have been created, manually set the value for the `INFRACOST_API_KEY` environment variable in the `Infracost` context in Spacelift.

Commit message:

Allow to ignore stack branch changes

custom/README.md, after:

# Customizations

Store all customizations in this folder.

See the main [README file](../README.md) for general information.

## Export Sensitive Variables

Perform the following actions **in each of the TFE organization to export from**:

1. Create am agent pool named `SMK`.
2. Start an agent using an **agent token** for the `SMK` pool for the organization. Make sure to name it aftert he TFE organization:

```shell
docker run -e TFC_ADDRESS=https://<DOMAIN NAME> -e TFC_AGENT_NAME=SMK-Agent -e TFC_AGENT_TOKEN=<AGENT TOKEN> --name=smk-tfc-agent-<ORGANIZATION NAME> --pull=always jmfontaine/tfc-agent:smk-latest
```

Note: Once started the agent can be ignored, for the most part. It will be stopped and started as needed. It can be removed once the export has completed.

3. [Export data from TFE, including sensitive variables](../README.md#export).
4. [Generate the Terraform source code to manage Spacelift resources](../README.md#generate).
5. [Publish the generated Terraform code to a git repository](../README.md#publish).
6. [Create and trigger an administrative stack](../README.md#deploy).
7. Run the `spacemk set-sensitive-env-vars` command to set the value for the sensitive environment variables.

## Upload Terraform State Files

Once the stacks have been created, set the values for the `upload_state_files` section of the `config.yml` file and run the `spacemk upload-state-files` command to upload the Terraform state files to AWS S3.

Also, make sure to [provide AWS credentials to the AWS SDK](https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/guide/credentials.html).

## Generate Code for Jenkins Stacks

Once the data has been exported, run the `spacemk generate --stack-type=jenkins` command to generate Terraform code for the stacks without VCS configuration. Then, push that code to the GitHub repository as usual.

Check `spacemk generate --help` for all `--stack-type` option values.

## Ignore Stack Branch Changes

Once the data has been exported, run the `spacemk generate --ignore-branch-changes` command to generate Terraform code which ignores changes to the `branch` argument for stacks.

## Infracost Integration

Once the administrative stack has run and Spacelift resources have been created, manually set the value for the `INFRACOST_API_KEY` environment variable in the `Infracost` context in Spacelift.
